Updates to Operator instructions (#175)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/operators/create.md

### Chainspec.toml {#chainspectoml}

> A version of the chainspec is downloaded by the `pull_casper_node_version.sh` script installed with the casper-node-launcher debian package. This script pulls the chainspec.toml file from the appropriate path at `https://genesis.casperlabs.io/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A version of the chainspec is downloaded by the `pull_casper_node_version.sh` script installed with the casper-node-launcher debian package. This script pulls the chainspec.toml file from the appropriate path defined in the network config file used (`casper.conf` for MainNet and `casper-test.conf` for TestNet).
```
